With the drawer added, let's now make sure we actually switch to different pages when we tap on these items
here. For that,
back in the main drawer, of course here when we tap, I want to switch the page.
Now what happens exactly upon tapping of course depends on which ListTile you're on,
so actually I expect a third argument here which should be of type function which is the tap handler,
whatever you want to name it.
So this should be a function we pass into build ListTile
and that's what I assign here to onTap.
So this is the function which should be triggered when this ListTile gets tapped
and now since this is an extra argument, we have to pass it to buildListTile when we call it down there.
So for the first ListTile, I'll add an anonymous function for the second function, for the second list
tile here, I'll do it as well.
Now for meals, I want to go to my TabsScreen here.
Now this TabsScreen also has a routeName
since it's our default route, it has just slash as an identifier. So here for restaurant, I want to go with
navigator of context,
I want to go to my /route. For that,
we can use pushNamed and go to just slash, right,
that's what we learned before. For filters, we need to add a new screen which I'll do here,
I'll name it FiltersScreen and there, I'll add a stateless widget named FiltersScreen, as always imports
material.dart
and then here instead of having that container, I'll output my centered text
filters and of course, we'll add more meaningful content later.
So the FiltersScreen now also should have its own routeName,
so let's add a static const here, routeName
as we have it on our other screens as well
and that could be /filters
and with that, we can register it in the main.dart file here in our routes table.
We have that filters
screen here, so this widget
and for that we need to add an import here at the top of course,
so import ./screens/filters_screen.dart. So now we access FiltersScreen here
dot, I seem to have a typo here, yes this should be FiltersScreen of course, not filter screen.
So now it's FiltersScreen.routeName and then we have the builder function which will build us a
FiltersScreen like that.
So now it's registered in the route table,
now in the drawer we can use it because here for the filters ListTile, we can now use navigator of
context pushNamed and now use FiltersScreen and for that, import that screen here as well, so import
from the screens folder, the FiltersScreen file. So filters_screen.dart is imported and now down there,
we can push FiltersScreen.routeName.
Now I'm not using that screen class.routeName approach for our main route because I think just
slash is hard to mistype, so here just using this hardcoded string should be fine
but of course you could implement this routeName constant in the TabsScreen as well if you wanted to.
So with that, we are able to go to different pages here,
let's see it in action.
If I tap meals, here I'm in meals, if I go to filters, I'm on filters and I forgot the scaffold
but generally, navigation works.